.TH "BuiltinDefaultCode" 7 "Mon Sep 26 2011" "Version 2011" "RJHS FRC Software Documentation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
BuiltinDefaultCode \- 
.PP
Our big class that does everything. We didn't bother renaming it.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBuiltinDefaultCode\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~BuiltinDefaultCode\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. Called when a class object expires. Used so we don't waste memory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRobotInit\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIActions which would be performed once (and only once) upon initialization of the robot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDisabledInit\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICode called at the beginning of Disabled Mode. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAutonomousInit\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICode called at the beginning of Autonomous Mode. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBTeleopInit\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICode called at the beginning of Teleoperated Mode. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDisabledPeriodic\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe code called in a loop during Disabled Mode. Left as the default, minus the loop counter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAutonomousPeriodic\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe code called in a loop during Autonomous Mode. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBTeleopPeriodic\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe code called in a loop during Teleoperated Mode. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDrive\fP * \fBdrive\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass abstracting drive system. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBManipulator\fP * \fBmanipulator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass abstracting manipulator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBController\fP * \fBcontroller\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass abstracting the controller. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DriverStationLCD * \fBscreen\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe screen. Yup. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DriverStation * \fBds\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDriver Station object; used so we can send info back to the user (at least, in theory) \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "AxisCamera * \fBcam\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOur rear-mounted camera, used to see stuff in style. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAutonomous\fP * \fBauto_machine\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass running the Autonomous period. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTeleoperated\fP * \fBteleop_machine\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass running the Teleoperated period. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "Timer * \fBtimer\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed to time movements in Autonomous. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Our big class that does everything. We didn't bother renaming it. 

\fBBuiltinDefaultCode\fP is technically the name of the example class that we first opened, but once we started coding we realized that we couldn't rename the project and didn't want to reconfigure all the build settings from scratch. So here we are. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "BuiltinDefaultCode::BuiltinDefaultCode (void)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. Set up things before robot does anything; mostly this allocates memory for things. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RJHS FRC Software Documentation from the source code.
