.TH "macros.h" 7 "Sun Jul 17 2011" "Version 2011" "RJHS FRC Software Documentation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
macros.h \- 
.PP
File containing a bunch of macros to de-clutter our other files.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sstream>\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBYCENTER\fP   (0.03125)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdjustment for the fact that the joystick is slightly off-center. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBROTCENTER\fP   (0.0156)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdjustment for the fact that the joystick is slightly off-center. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXMIN\fP   -0.641"
.br
.RI "\fIMinimum possible X value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXMAX\fP   0.648"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum possible X value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBYMIN\fP   (-0.57-YCENTER)"
.br
.RI "\fIMinimum possible Y value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBYMAX\fP   (0.641-YCENTER)"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum possilble Y value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBZMIN\fP   (-0.54)"
.br
.RI "\fIMinimum possible Z value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBZMAX\fP   (0.63)"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum possible Z value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBROTMIN\fP   (-0.64-ROTCENTER)"
.br
.RI "\fIMinimum possible rotation value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBROTMAX\fP   (0.68-ROTCENTER)"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum possible rotation value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXEXPO\fP   0.4"
.br
.RI "\fIExponential constant for modifying input from the x-axis. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBYEXPO\fP   0.4"
.br
.RI "\fIExponential constant for modfying input from the y-axis. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBROTEXPO\fP   0.6"
.br
.RI "\fIExponential constant for modifying input form the rotational axis. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAUTONOMOUS_LANE_SWITCH_PORT\fP   6"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # for the physical lane choosing switch in Autonomous. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAUTONOMOUS_FORK_SWITCH_PORT\fP   7"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # for the physical fork choosing switch in Autonomous. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMANIPULATOR_ELEVATION_TOP_LIMIT_SWITCH_PORT\fP   4"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # for the limit switch at the top of the manipulator elevator's reach. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMANIPULATOR_ELEVATION_BOTTOM_LIMIT_SWITCH_PORT\fP   5"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # for the limit switch at the bottom of the manipulator elevator's reach. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIGHT_SENSOR_LEFT_PORT\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # of the leftmost line-following light sensor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIGHT_SENSOR_CENTER_PORT\fP   2"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # of the center line-following light sensor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIGHT_SENSOR_RIGHT_PORT\fP   3"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # of the rightmost line-following light sensor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMINIBOT_SHELF_RELAY_PORT\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # for the relay controlling the minbot shelf. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMANIPULATOR_TOP_RELAY_PORT\fP   2"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # for the relay controlling the top wheels of the manipulator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMANIPULATOR_BOTTOM_RELAY_PORT\fP   3"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # for the relay controlling the bottom wheels of the manipulator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMANIPULATOR_ELEVATION_RELAY_PORT\fP   4"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # for the relay controlling elevation of the manipulator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDRIVE_FRONT_LEFT_JAGUAR_PORT\fP   5"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # of the front left Jaguar on the drive train. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDRIVE_FRONT_RIGHT_JAGUAR_PORT\fP   7"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # of the front right Jaguar on the drive train. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDRIVE_BACK_LEFT_JAGUAR_PORT\fP   6"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # of the back left Jaguar on the drive train. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDRIVE_BACK_RIGHT_JAGUAR_PORT\fP   8"
.br
.RI "\fIPort # of the back right Jaguar on the drive train. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDEFAULT_WATCHDOG_TIME\fP   3.0"
.br
.RI "\fIThe default expiration time of the Watchdog timer, in seconds. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAUTO_DRIVE_SPEED\fP   0.35"
.br
.RI "\fISpeed at which we drive in Autonomous. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAUTO_TURN_SPEED\fP   0.65"
.br
.RI "\fISpeed at which we turn in Autonomous. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAUTO_BRAKE_SPEED\fP   -0.6"
.br
.RI "\fISpeed at which we brake in Autonomous. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename T > const char * \fBtopchar\fP (T val)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert an arbitrary type to a printable string, since this isn't Python. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
File containing a bunch of macros to de-clutter our other files. 

NOTE: All adjustment macros experimentally made by Adam Bryant. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T > const char* topchar (Tval)"
.PP
Convert an arbitrary type to a printable string, since this isn't Python. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIval\fP The number to be converted 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The string representation of the passed number 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RJHS FRC Software Documentation from the source code.
