.TH "RJFRC2011::Manipulator" 7 "Thu Jun 23 2011" "Version 2011" "RJHS FRC Software Documentation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RJFRC2011::Manipulator \- 
.PP
Abstracts the manipulator.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Manipulator.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBManipulator\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Manipulator\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. Kill stuff. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinputTube\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISuck in the tube. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrotateTube\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRotate the tube downward. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBejectTube\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISpit out the tube. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBelevate\fP (float val)"
.br
.RI "\fIElevate or lower the manipulator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstopManipulatorAction\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStop all movement of the manipulator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstopManipulatorElevation\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStop all elevation of the manipulator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DigitalInput * \fBGetTopLimitSwitchAddress\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fISafely return address of the top limit switch. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DigitalInput * \fBGetBottomLimitSwitchAddress\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fISafely return address of the bottom limit switch. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Relay * \fBmanipulatorTop\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIForwards/backwards relay controlling motion of the top two wheels of the manipulator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "Relay * \fBmanipulatorBottom\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIForwards/backwards relay controlling motion of the bottom two wheels of the manipulator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "Relay * \fBmanipulatorElevation\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIForwards/backwards relay controlling position of the manipulator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DigitalInput * \fBmanipulatorElevationBottomLimitSwitch\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILimit switch at the bottom of the manipulator elevator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DigitalInput * \fBmanipulatorElevationTopLimitSwitch\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILimit switch at the top of the manipulator elevator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Abstracts the manipulator. 

Custom class interfacing with the manipulator on our robot through various relays and digitl inputs. Provides multiple methods for easily manipulating the... err... manipulator. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RJFRC2011::Manipulator::Manipulator ()"
.PP
Constructor. Initialize the relays and limit switches to their appropriate ports: see \fIMANIPULATOR_TOP_RELAY_PORT\fP , \fIMANIPULATOR_BOTTOM_RELAY_PORT\fP , \fIMANIPULATOR_ELEVATION_RELAY_PORT\fP , \fIMANIPULATOR_ELEVATION_BOTTOM_LIMIT_SWITCH_PORT\fP , and \fIMANIPULATOR_ELEVATION_TOP_LIMIT_SWITCH_PORT\fP . 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void RJFRC2011::Manipulator::ejectTube ()"
.PP
Spit out the tube. Set both manipulator relays forward to spit out the tube. 
.SS "void RJFRC2011::Manipulator::elevate (floatval)"
.PP
Elevate or lower the manipulator. If the user is pushing the joystick forward, go down until the lower limit switch is tripped. If they're pulling it backward, go up until the upper limit switch is triggered. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIval\fP The user input. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "DigitalInput* RJFRC2011::Manipulator::GetBottomLimitSwitchAddress () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Safely return address of the bottom limit switch. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The address, as a pointer-to-DigitalInput 
.RE
.PP

.SS "DigitalInput* RJFRC2011::Manipulator::GetTopLimitSwitchAddress () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Safely return address of the top limit switch. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The address, as a pointer-to-DigitalInput 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void RJFRC2011::Manipulator::inputTube ()"
.PP
Suck in the tube. Set both manipulator relays to reverse to suck in the tube. 
.SS "void RJFRC2011::Manipulator::rotateTube ()"
.PP
Rotate the tube downward. Set the top manipulator relay to reverse and the bottom one forward. 
.SS "void RJFRC2011::Manipulator::stopManipulatorAction ()"
.PP
Stop all movement of the manipulator. Turn off the manipulator relays. 
.SS "void RJFRC2011::Manipulator::stopManipulatorElevation ()"
.PP
Stop all elevation of the manipulator. Turn off the manipulator elevation relays. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RJHS FRC Software Documentation from the source code.
